>> Jen Kramer: So, next thing let's do,
let's work on the layout of these buttons.
>> Jen Kramer: So,
clearly these buttons right now,
are they block are they in line?
>> Misha: In line.
>> Jen Kramer: In line,
how do you know that Misha?
>> Misha: Because,
there is wide it as their content.
>> Jen Kramer: They're-
>> Misha: And they're right next to each
other.
>> Jen Kramer: Exactly,
there is wider as their content and
they're right next to each other.
Okay, so buttons are an inline element.
And clearly, somehow we need to get these
buttons looking in this lovely grid and
all lined up and pretty looking.
Instead of just sort of
wherever they happen to be,
which is what they are right now, correct?
Given what you know, all the things
that we've done over this last week,
what would be a good method
of laying out these buttons?
>> Jen Kramer: What would be a good
method of laying out these buttons?
>> Speaker 3: Display a Flex?
>> Jen Kramer: Flex box, yeah, flex box.
So let's use flex box to lay
out these buttons, okay?
So if we take a look at our code.
>> Jen Kramer: Where are we
going to place our display flex?
We need to find a parent to put this on,
right?
What is our parent going to be and what
is our child going to be for Flex box?
Emma?
>> Emma: The parent would
be the calc button row, and
the children would be the button.
>> Jen Kramer: Correct, so
the row is gonna be the parent.
That's gonna be the flex container,
it's also the parent.
That is going to be the thing where we're
gonna set our up those properties and
then the buttons are the children.
So let's go ahead and
add them to our calc button row style.
We already have one going,
what do I need to put here?
>> Misha: Display?
>> Jen Kramer: Display Flex,
yeah, what else?
Anything else?
>> Speaker 3: Flex flow.
>> Jen Kramer: Flex flow?
>> Jen Kramer: Row nowrap.
>> Jen Kramer: It's not no-wrap,
it's just nowrap, all one word, okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, and
we can also do a what?
Justify content space between, right?
>> Emma: We don't want space between.
>> Jen Kramer: We didn't do space between,
we did go over it, right?
>> Emma: We went over it but,
do we want that in the calculator,
cuz the buttons are right
next to each other?
>> Jen Kramer: Well we do have,
I'm gonna do that a bunch of times.
We do have these little black lines here,
don't we?
Those could be borders or
they could be the space in our flex box.
Because we just set
the background to be black.
So that could be the space filling
in with the black behind it.
>> Emma: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
there's a couple of ways of doing that.
Okay, so let's go on ahead and save that,
>> Jen Kramer: Here we go,
what do you think?
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, all right,
it's not beautiful but what?
We definitely have a nice column
going on over here, yeah?
Definitely have a good
column going on here.
The zero is clearly
taking up a lot of room.
The one thing that's weird
is that first row, correct?
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: We're closer,
we're definitely closer.
So let's go ahead and
code up the calc button.
>> Jen Kramer: So now that we have
a row all set up, let's go ahead and
code those buttons.
>> Jen Kramer: Calc button.
>> Jen Kramer: So
a couple things we're gonna do here,
>> Jen Kramer: I want you to go ahead and
try setting up a background color and
a text color for this button.
>> Jen Kramer: Based on what you know.
So you'll need to look at that text file
and see if you can figure out what should
the background color be and
what should the text color be.
Based on our specification and based
on what you've been given in terms of
that text file,
it gives you the instructions.
See if you can code those two things.
Background color, and
the color of the text.